“The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be ignited.” – Plutarch
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” — John Wooden
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” — Albert Einstein
“Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.” —Albert Einstein
“Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.” —Ralph Marston
“Go into the world and do well. But more importantly, go into the world and do good.” —Minor Myers Jur
“Rule no.1 is: Don’t sweat the small stuff. Rule no. 2 is:  It’s all small stuff.” —Robert Eliot
“Quality is not an act, it is a habit.” —Aristotle
“I think it’s possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary.” — Elon Musk
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” —Abraham Lincoln
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
“Just believe in yourself. Even if you don’t pretend that you do and, at some point, you will.” —Venus Williams
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.” —Maya Angelou
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.” —Karim Seddiki
“You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you think.” — A.A Milne
“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.” —Henry David Thoreau
“Learn from yesterday. Live for today. Hope for tomorrow.” – Albert Einstein
“The more that you read, the more things you will know, the more that you learn, the more places you’ll go.” — Dr. Seuss
“Today a reader. Tomorrow a leader.” – Anonymous
“In a world where you can be anything, be kind.” — Jennifer Dukes Lee
He who asks a question is a fool for five minutes; he who does not ask a question remains a fool forever.” — Chinese Proverb
“It took me fifteen years to discover I had no talent for writing, but I couldn’t give it up because by then I was too famous.” —Robert Benchley
How wonderful it is that nobody needs to wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. – Anne Frank
“I don’t love studying. I hate studying. I like learning. Learning is beautiful.” – Natalie Portman
“If you work hard enough and assert yourself, and use your mind and imagination, you can shape the world to your desires.” – Malcolm Gladwell
Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. – Stephen Hawking
You can’t have a better tomorrow if you’re still thinking about yesterday. – Charles F. Kettering
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows. – Sydney J. Harris
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. – Dalai Lama
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It’s to enjoy each step along the way. – Wayne Dyer
“When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.” —Alexander Graham Bell
“Education is the most powerful weapon, which you can use to change the world.” —Nelson Mandela
It always seems impossible until it’s done — Nelson Mandela
Study the past if you want to intuit the future – Confucius
You can always be better – Tiger Woods
“There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.”– C.S. Lewis
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.” —C.S. Lewis
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.” —Yoko Ono
There is no secret to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. – General Colin Powell
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven’t planted. – David Bly
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs. – Zig Ziglar
It is well to remind ourselves that anxiety signifies a conflict, and so long as a conflict is going on, a constructive solution is possible. – Rollo May
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. – David Brinkley
“If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and the voice will be silenced.” —Vincent Van Gogh
“Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.” —Vincent van Gogh
Also Read —->> O level chemistry tuition

Other than getting motivated, it’s also important to study effectively and study smart to maximize your progress. Here’s 20 ways to study effectively.

Quotes about Working Hard To Achieve Your Goals
“You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself.” —Harvey S. Firestone
“The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem. Do you understand?” —Captain Jack Sparrow
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” —Walt Disney
“There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.” — Beverly Stills
“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.” – Thomas Jefferson
“Genius is 10% inspiration, 90% perspiration.” — Thomas Edison
“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” – Jim Ryun
“Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated.” — R Collier
“It will not happen cutting corners, taking shortcuts, or looking for the easy way! There’s only hard work, late nights, early mornings, practice, repetition, study, and discipline.” —nimo_wehearit
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all. – Dale Carnegie
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. – Maya Angelou
“If you don’t build your dreams, someone will hire you to help build theirs.” —Tony Gaskin
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” —Milton Berle
When your dreams become reality, they’re no longer your dreams.” —Hugh Jackman
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan but also believe.” —Anatole France
“Do not make your goal to be the best. The best is a label. It’s something someone else decides for you. ‘Better’ is more personal.” —Baryshnikov
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it’s only because they do not realize how complicated life is.” —John Von Neumann
“None of us is as smart as all of us.” — Ken Blanchard
“Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.” – Stephen King, author.
“An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.”- Benjamin Franklin
When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on. – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Follow your passion. It will lead you to your purpose.” —Oprah
“Turning your passion into your job is easier than finding a job that matches your passion.” —Seth Godin
“The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.” —James Yorke
The road to success is always under construction.” —Lily Tomlin
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.” —Vince Lombardi
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success. – Virat Kohli
Through hard work, perseverance, and faith in God, you can live your dreams. – Ben Carson
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. – Vidal Sassoon
There are no traffic jams on the extra mile. – Zig Ziglar
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. – Beverly Sills
“Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.” —Gail Devers
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe. – Gail Devers
“Procrastination makes easy things hard and hard things harder.” — Mason Cooley
“The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice.” – Brian Herbert
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. – Don Marquis
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable. – Christopher Reeve
Procrastination is like a credit card: it’s a lot of fun until you get the bill. – Christopher Parker
Procrastination is opportunity’s assassin. – Victor Kiam
My biggest regret could be summed up in one word, and that’s procrastination. – Ron Cooper
Procrastination is the thief of time. – Edward Young
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses. – George Washington Carver
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.” —Leonardo da Vinci
The real man is one who always finds excuses for others, but never excuses himself. – Henry Ward Beecher
“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” – Zig Ziglar
“The expert in anything was once a beginner — Helen Hayes.”
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
“You have to be odd to be no.1.” — Dr. Seuss
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.” —Dr. Seuss
“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice, and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.” – Pelé
“I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but it should get you pretty near.” – Margaret Thatcher, former British Prime Minister.
“Learning is the only thing the mind never exhausts, never fears, and never regrets.” – Leonardo da Vinci
“Study hard, no matter if it seems impossible, no matter if it takes time, no matter if you have to be up all night, just remember that the feeling of success is the best thing in the entire world.” —khangal_wehearit
“If people knew how hard I worked to achieve my mastery, it wouldn’t seem so wonderful after all.”– Michelangelo
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” —Confucius
“It’s the pain and failure that teaches you the best lesson in life and motivates you to rebuild yourself and stand again with a robust faith.” —Priti Chaubey
“Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.” —Mary Kay Ash
Use all your efforts, even when the possibilities play against you – Arnold Palmer
Set tough goals and do not stop until you get there – Bo Jackso
The man well prepared for the struggle has achieved half a triumph – Miguel de Cervantes
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer
“In life you make the small decisions with your head and the big decisions with your heart.” —Omid Kordgstani
“Worry gives a small thing a big shadow.” —Swedish Proverb
“I learned many great lessons from my father, not the least of which was that you can fail at what you don’t want, so you might as well take a chance on doing what you love.” —Jim Carrey
“Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing that it is stupid.” – Albert Einstein
“My advice is, never do tomorrow what you can do today. Procrastination is the thief of time.” – Charles Dickens ‘David Copperfield’
“Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask.” – Albus Dumbledore ‘Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets’
“Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times if one only remembers to turn on the light.” —Albus Dumbledore
Working hard is important, but there is something that matters even more: Believing in yourself.” —Harry Potter
“Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do” – Benjamin Spock
“Life itself is your teacher, and you are in a state of constant learning.” —Bruce Lee
“Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” – Joshua J. Marine
“Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma, which is living the result of other people’s thinking. Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition, they somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.”– Steve Jobs
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. – Steve Jobs
“Education is not to reform students or amuse them or to make them expert technicians. It is to unsettle their minds, widen their horizons, inflame their intellects, teach them to think straight, if possible.” —Robert M. Hutchins
“If you don’t go after what you want, you’ll never have it. If you don’t ask, the answer is always no. If you don’t step forward, you’re always in the same place.”– Nora Roberts
“The man who does not read books has no advantage over the one who cannot read them.” — Mark Twain
“Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.” — Malcolm X
“The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you.” —B.B. King
“Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.” — BB King
“That which we persist in doing becomes easier for us to do; not that the nature of the thing itself is changed, but that our power to do is increased.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“What lies behind us and what lies before we are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they’re making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that’s the difference.”– Lou Holtz
“I follow three rules: Do the right thing, do the best you can, and always show people you care.” —Lou Holtz
“Successful people begin where failures leave off. Never settle for ‘just getting the job done.’ Excel!” – Tom Hopkins
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.” – Vince Lombardi
The day you take complete responsibility for yourself, the day you stop making any excuses, that’s the day you start to the top. – O.J. Simpson
It’s not the time to look for excuses. – Rafael Nadal
Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. – Stephen Hawking
It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves. – Edmund Hillary
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” —Helen Keller
“A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.” —Herm Albright
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you’ll land among the stars.” —Les Brown
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. – Arthur Ashe
There are two kinds of people in this world: those who want to get things done and those who don’t want to make mistakes. – John Maxwell
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” —Albert Schweitzer
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.” —Jimmy Johnson
“Imagination… is the elixir of life, the seed of greatness.” —Melowpark College
“Productivity is never an accident. It is always the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, and focused effort,” —Paul J. Meyer
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. – John F. Kennedy
“College is the best time of your life. When else are your parents going to spend several thousand dollars a year just for you to go to a strange town and get drunk every night?” —David Wood
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up. – Woody Allen
“You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.” —E.O. Wilson
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. – Michael Jordan
“Learning is never done without errors and defeat.” – Vladimir Lenin
“Follow your fear.” —Tina Fey
“Instead of freaking out about these constraints, embrace them. Let them guide you.” —37 Signals
Instead of looking at the hundred reasons to quit, look at the thousand reasons not to give up.” —Kushanowizoom
“Never let the fear of striking out stop you from playing the game.” — Babe Ruth
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.” —Walter Bagehot
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter. – Francis Chan
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success. – Shiv Khera
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that count. – Winston Churchill
Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better. – Jim Rohn
The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well. – John D. Rockefeller
Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential. – John Maxwell
 Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. – Newt Gingrich
There is no substitute for hard work. – Thomas Edison
If you’re going through hell, keep going. – Winston Churchill
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. – Henry Ford
You don’t drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there. – Ed Cole
“Believe deep down in your heart that you’re destined to do great things.” —Joe Paterno
I don’t measure a man’s success by how high he climbs, but by how high he bounces when he hits the bottom. – George S. Patton
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. – John Quincy Adams
“You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak.” —George Clooney
By perseverance, the snail reached the ark. – Charles Spurgeon
“Your biggest risk isn’t failing, it’s getting too comfortable.” —Drew Houston
Follow your dreams, believe in yourself, and don’t give up. – Rachel Corrie
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, and dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going. – Chantal Sutherland
To excel at the highest level – or any level, really – you need to believe in yourself, and hands down, one of the biggest contributors to my self-confidence has been private coaching. – Stephen Curry
The purpose of human life is to serve and to show compassion and the will to help others. – Albert Schweitzer
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding on the 20th. – Julie Andrews
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. – Theodore N. Vail
There are those who work all day. Those who dream all day. And those who spend an hour dreaming before setting to work to fulfill those dreams. Go into the third category because there’s virtually no competition. – Steven J. Ross
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune, but great minds rise above it. – Washington Irving
All progress takes place outside of your comfort zone. – Michael John Bobak
“Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.Christian D. Larson
“التحديات تصنع الأبطال، فاجعل كل درس يبني قوتك وصبرك.”
“النجاح لا يأتي لمن ينتظر، بل لمن يعمل بجد ويثابر على تحقيق أحلامه.”
“كن دائمًا على استعداد للتعلم والنمو، فالعلم هو السلاح الأقوى في رحلتك نحو النجاح.”
“استثمر وقتك في الدراسة بذكاء، وستحصد ثمار جهدك في المستقبل.”
“اجعل من كل يوم فرصة لتحسين نفسك والتقدم نحو أحلامك، ولا تدع الفرص تفوتك.”
“الاستمرارية هي مفتاح النجاح، فلا تتوقف عن المحاولة حتى تصل إلى هدفك.”
“تذكر أن كل خطوة تقدمها في الدراسة تقربك أكثر من تحقيق أحلامك، فاستمر قدمًا بثقة.”
“ابذل جهدك القصوى في كل مهمة تقوم بها، وسيكون النجاح حليفك الدائم.”
“المثابرة هي مفتاح النجاح، فاجعل كل تحدي يزيدك قوة وإصراراً.”
“كن كالنجم الذي يصنع الضوء في أماكن الظلام، اجعل دراستك تنير طريقك نحو النجاح.”
“التعلم ليس مجرد مهمة، بل هو رحلة لاكتشاف قوتك وتحقيق أحلامك.”
“لا تنتظر الفرصة المثالية، بل اصنعها بتفانيك وعزيمتك في الدراسة.”
“النجاح لا يأتي إلا لأولئك الذين يثقون بقدرتهم على تحقيقه، فثق بنفسك وابذل جهدك.”
“كل يوم هو فرصة جديدة لتكون أفضل من نفسك، استثمر وقتك في الدراسة بحكمة واجعل كل يوم يبني مستقبلك.”
“النجاح هو نتيجة التخطيط والعمل الجاد، فحدد أهدافك واجتهد لتحقيقها بكل قوة وعزيمة.”
“على الرغم من التحديات، لا تنسى أن كل مجهود تبذله في الدراسة يقربك خطوة أخرى نحو تحقيق أحلامك.”
“التفاؤل هو مفتاح النجاح، فابتعد عن اليأس واعتقد أن كل جهد تبذله يقربك أكثر إلى هدفك.”
“استمر في النمو والتطور، فالتعلم لا ينتهي أبدًا، وكل معرفة جديدة تجعلك أقوى وأقرب إلى النجاح.”
“اصنع من كل تحدي فرصة للتعلم والنمو، ولا تجعل الصعاب تقف في طريقك نحو النجاح.”
“القوة لا تأتي من القدرة على الفوز، بل من الإرادة اللاحقة بالنجاح رغم الفشل.”
“تذكر دائمًا أن أصعب المعارك هي تلك التي نخوضها مع أنفسنا، فتحدى نفسك وتجاوز الحدود.”
“كن مصدر إلهام لنفسك ولمن حولك، وثبت أن الإرادة الصلبة تجعل الأمور المستحيلة ممكنة.”
“التعليم هو السلاح الأقوى الذي يمكنك استخدامه لتغيير مستقبلك، فلا تحتقر قوة المعرفة.”
“التفوق ليس مجرد هدف، بل هو نمط حياة، فاجعل النجاح يعكس طموحاتك وإرادتك القوية.”
“اجعل كل يوم يحمل بذور النجاح، واستثمر في نفسك وفي مستقبلك بكل ثقة وإصرار.”
“لا تخشى الفشل، بل ابحث عن الدروس والتجارب التي تمكنك من النمو والتطور نحو النجاح.”
“الرضا بالوضع الحالي يمنعك من التقدم، فابحث عن التحديات وتجاوزها لتحقيق أهدافك.”
تذكر أن النجاح لا يأتي بسهولة، ولكنه يستحق كل جهد تبذله وكل تضحية تقدمها.”
“قم بتقدير الوقت واستثمره في الدراسة، فالوقت هو أثمن ما تملك لتحقيق أحلامك.”
“الصبر والاستمرارية هما مفتاح النجاح، فابذل جهدك واستمر في السعي نحو تحقيق أهدافك.”
“كل خطوة تخطوها نحو الأمام تقربك أكثر من أحلامك، فاستمر في السير ولا تلتفت للخلف.”
“قد تكون الدراسة متعبة أحيانًا، ولكن الثمار التي تحصدها في المستقبل لا تقدر بثمن.”
“اعمل بجد واجتهد في صمت، ودع نجاحك يتحدث عن نفسه لاحقًا.”
“تذكر أن أصعب المعارك هي تلك التي تخوضها مع نفسك، فتحدى قيودك وتغلب على العوائق.”
“لا تتوقف عن التعلم بمجرد حصولك على درجة، بل استمر في تطوير نفسك وتحسين مهاراتك بشكل مستمر.”
“كن مصدر إلهام للآخرين من خلال نجاحك وتفوقك في الدراسة والحياة بشكل عام.”
“تذكر أن النجاح لا يأتي لمن لا يجتهد، فاجتهد بكل قوة واصرف عنك كل ما يعيقك عن تحقيق أحلامك.”
كن مصدر إلهام لنفسك أولاً، ومن ثم ستكون قادرًا على إلهام الآخرين بنجاحك وتفوقك.”
“اعمل بتركيز وإصرار، وتذكر دائمًا أن النجاح ينتظر من يثابر ويصبر.”
“لا تدع الشكوك تعترض طريقك نحو النجاح، بل استمر في السعي والتقدم رغم كل التحديات.”
“قم بتحديد أهدافك بوضوح، واجتهد لتحقيقها بكل قوة وعزيمة، فالهدف المحدد هو بداية النجاح.”
“كن واثقًا من قدراتك وامضي قدمًا بثقة في طريقك نحو النجاح، فالثقة هي مفتاح الإنجاز.”
“تذكر دائمًا أن النجاح ليس نتيجة الذكاء فقط، بل هو ثمرة العمل الجاد والإصرار.”
“استثمر وقتك في الدراسة بذكاء، واجعل كل ساعة تمضي في التعلم تعود عليك بالفائدة في المستقبل.”
“كن مثابرًا ومتفانيًا في تحقيق أهدافك، ولا تستسلم للصعوبات بل اجعلها حافزًا للتطور والتحسن.”
“اعتبر الفشل خطوة أولى نحو النجاح، ولا تيأس أبدًا بل استمر في المحاولة والتعلم من الأخطاء.”
“التميز يبدأ عندما تتجاوز الحدود التي حددها لك الآخرون، فاجتهد لتكون مميزًا في كل ما تقوم به.”
كن مستعدًا لتحمل المسؤولية عن نجاحك وفشلك، فالنجاح يأتي لمن يتحمل المسؤولية ويعمل بجد.”
“اعتبر التحديات فرصًا للنمو والتطور، وابحث عن الحلول بدلاً من الاستسلام للصعوبات.”
“العمل الجاد هو المفتاح لفتح أبواب النجاح، فلا تستسلم واستمر في بذل الجهد بكل إخلاص.”
“احتفظ برؤيتك الإيجابية وتفاؤلك حتى في أصعب الأوقات، فالتفاؤل هو ما يحملك قدمًا نحو النجاح.”
“كن على استعداد للتضحية والتفاني من أجل أهدافك، فالتضحية هي سر النجاح.”
“ابحث عن الملهمين والقصص الناجحة التي تلهمك وتدفعك لتحقيق أحلامك وتحقيق نجاحك.”
“احترم وقتك واستخدمه بذكاء، واجعل كل لحظة تمضي في الدراسة تساهم في بناء مستقبلك.”
“استمع إلى نصائح الآخرين واستفد من خبراتهم، ولكن اجعل قراراتك تعكس رؤيتك وأهدافك الشخصية.”
“التعلم المستمر هو مفتاح النجاح في عصرنا، فابحث عن الفرص لتطوير مهاراتك وزيادة معرفتك بشكل مستمر.”
“كن واثقًا بأن الجهد المبذول في الدراسة سيجني ثماره يومًا ما، فلا تيأس وابق على الطريق الصحيح نحو النجاح.”
Ahmed Zewail: "تذكّر، الإلهام يأتي من داخلك. يجب أن تكون إيجابيًا. عندما تكون إيجابيًا، تحدث الأشياء الجيدة."
Rachid Yazami: "النجاح يأتي لأولئك الذين يجرؤون ويتصرفون. نادرًا ما يأتي للخجولين الذين يخافون دائمًا من العواقب."
Abdelhafid Tasfaout: "صدق في قدراتك، وابق مركزًا على أهدافك، ولا تستهين بقوة الثبات."
Mohamed Mebarki: "في العلم، كما في الحياة، كل فشل هو حجر عثرة نحو النجاح. احتضن التحديات، وتعلم من الأخطاء، وتقدم دومًا إلى الأمام."
Fatma Zohra Ksentini: "حلم كبيرًا، اعمل بجد، ولا تسمح لأحد بأن يخبرك ما يمكنك أو ما يمكنك ألا تحققه. إمكانياتك لا حدود لها."
Ahmed Djebbar: "رحلة الاكتشاف تبدأ بالفضول. اعتنق فضولك، واستكشف أفكارًا جديدة، ولا تتوقف أبدًا عن التعلم."
الانسان باش ينجح فالدنيا لازملو الارادة و باش ينجح فالجزاير لازملو فكرة لي تحل مشكل فالجزاير - بلقاسم حبة